Guys welcome back.
What we're going through now is add this text at the bottom of here that uses dress to switch between
the sign up and the dog forms.
So go back to your regidor opinions page and scroll down to underneath the button right here and just
create a div and give this the idea of how has that count text.
This is a text that asks them where they have an account already and then they're all over it just an
anchor tag suppress a press tab and h.f. is going to be to the pound sign.
It's not going to link to anywhere and it's there was can address span element.
And the idea of this is just going to be high again like that.
And the text can just be don't have an account yet.
Yet with a question mark sign here.
I like that.
Okay and that's it.
That's simple.
Now copy and paste up all over as well because we do the same for the register form.
So underneath the register button and it estrellas we shouldn't use I.D. for this we should actually
use class because I.D. should be unique on the page.
This should only ever be one element with that I.D..
So we're going to change this to class came because they're both class same class.
And the idea of the spallone right here is just going to be hide register like that tax.
You can just change to something like I already have an account.
Question mark the log in here a save that.
And you see some text underneath our forms.
Now there you go.
There's our text.
And that's a style that just right click inspect allaman.
There's not a whole lot of style to do.
So select your span element right there and again say font weight it's going to be bald font size 12
pixels for free to use whatever font size you want of course.
And then actually no that's it.
Let's leave it at that.
So just the two lines were simple.
Now go back to your style.
You registered our CSF file.
And then at the bottom just has a count taxmen we have class so we have to use a dot.
And then just do span like that.
Paste it in there and.
Is get the spacing correct.
That's it.
That's good.
And then at which you go to the element of both that that's what the spallone here go to the div above
it and read add one line here.
You can me text a line centre like that position in the centre.
So just copy that.
Go back to your style.
We can just say has a count text text and just paste in there and that's it.
I mean just refresh this a C that changes.
And it's you see the text at the bottom there.
And next thing to do is use email.
This actually works.
When you press it you show or hide the relevant form.